README.md, before:

*This readme is incomplete. More information to be added soon.*

automate
========
automate is a Windows application launcher written in Python. Its main purpose is to make it quick and easy to launch anything - from Start menu items to websites and scripts. It is easily extendable and customizable.

<img src="http://i.imgur.com/rEl6ycP.png" />

Dependencies
========
- Python 2.7.x
- PyQt4
- Python for Windows Extensions

Getting started
========
Install the dependencies and run automate.pyw. Hold down the caps lock key and start typing a command. Release caps lock to execute. Use the `Exit` command or right click on the system tray icon to stop the program.

By default, all Start menu shortcuts and Control Panel items are available as commands. Try out some of these: `Notepad`, `Paint`, `Control Panel`, `Programs and Features`.

Some more built-in commands include: `Google...`, `Switch to...`, `Close...`, `Screen off`, `Sleep`, `Hibernate`. Some of these, such as `Switch to...` or `Google...` expect arguments (window title, search string etc.). Press the tab key when these commands are selected to enter the command's submenu.

You can also use automate as a quick file explorer. When you start typing a directory name, such as `C:\`, automate will list the contents as autocomplete suggestions. Press tab to trigger autocompletion and escape to move back to the parent directory.

When automate doesn't recognise a command, it will try to execute it using the same mechanism as the Run dialog in Windows. Try: `msconfig`, `regedit`, `www.google.com`.

Customization
========
Configuration is loaded from config/config.json. Colour schemes and other styles for the windows can be loaded from .css files, stored in the same directory.

Any .py files in the `commands` folder will be automatically imported as command files. You can register text commands or hotkeys in those files. Some examples have been provided.

Commit message:

Added section on user shortcuts

README.md, after:

*This is beta software. You will most likely see some bugs.*

automate
========
automate is a Windows application launcher written in Python. Its main purpose is to make it quick and easy to launch anything - from Start menu items to websites and scripts. It is easily extendable and customizable.

<img src="http://i.imgur.com/rEl6ycP.png" />

Dependencies
========
- Python 2.7.x
- PyQt4
- Python for Windows Extensions

Usage
========
Install the dependencies and run automate.pyw. Hold down the caps lock key and start typing a command -- try out some of the ones mentioned below. Release caps lock to execute. Use the `Exit` command or right click on the system tray icon to stop the program.

Automatic shortcut discovery
--------
By default, all Start menu shortcuts and Control Panel items are available as commands. Try out some of these: `Notepad`, `Paint`, `Control Panel`, `Programs and Features`.

User shortcuts
--------
You can also add your own commands. Highlight a URL, a file or a folder and use the command `Create shortcut...`. Type a name for your shortcut and automate will retrieve the location of your selection and add it as a new command. To remove a shortcut, use `Remove shortcut...`.

More commands
--------
Some more built-in commands include: `Google...`, `Switch to...`, `Close...`, `Screen off`, `Sleep`, `Hibernate`. Some of these, such as `Switch to...` or `Google...` expect arguments (window title, search string etc.). Press the tab key when these commands are selected to enter the command's submenu.

When automate doesn't recognise a command, it will try to execute it using the same mechanism as the Run dialog in Windows. Try: `msconfig`, `regedit`, `www.google.com`.

File system navigation
--------
You can also use automate as a quick file explorer. When you start typing a directory name, such as `C:\`, automate will list the contents as autocomplete suggestions. Press tab to trigger autocompletion and escape to move back to the parent directory.

Customization
========
Configuration is loaded from config/config.json. Colour schemes and other styles for the windows can be loaded from .css files, stored in the same directory.

Any .py files in the `commands` folder will be automatically imported as command files. You can register text commands or hotkeys in those files. Some examples have been provided.
